MILESTONE: Better UI and beginning nodes

For future ref: https://paulbatchelor.github.io/proj/soundpipe.html seems like a great library for dsp
 
- Frontend addons
    - (DONE) CSS addons
        - Install tailwind
    - Basic UI for nodes
        - (DONE) Blender style, colored header (different colors for different categories)
        - (Could be tricky, table for a sec) Have inputs all on left and outputs on right, these are below whatever internal settings a node has (like filepath for input)
        - (DONE) Nice and rounded
    - (NO REACTFLOW IS HARD) Better edge UI
        - Have so it when hovering over the edge a delete button pops up
            - Reactflow's documentation on custom edges literally does this
    - (DONE) Better top bar UI
        - (DONE) Figure out a nice layout for buttons and timeline, As well as a nice place for messages
            - 2 rows, first row has buttons on left and the timeline (with timeline controls) on right, timeline takes up 70-90% of row
            - second row has messages and progress bar
        - (STRETCH GOAL) Progress bar (???)
            - Just a simple text thing but we can very easily improve.
- Robustness
    - Unified sampleconfig
        - Player::new() creates the samplerate and sampleformat
            - put these in a struct thats Copy + Clone
        - Attempting to do super dynamic stuff (our "native" format can be any rate and format) is overkill
            - We should have a central struct though that says what our "native" format is though, for future-proofing
                - I guess this is the former point we are making (Player::new() yadda yadda)
            - So real thing is, for now, how do we make sure the HoundReader, whatever format it is, into our native one
                - SampleRate is easy: get the spec's samplerate and then pass that in to our eventual resampler.
                - Channels is easy: if its 1 then just write every sample twice, if its 2 then its just an effective copy.
                - SampleFormat needs a match statement on all possible formats, wihch we then convert.
                    - This should be a convert() method under the struct Player::new() will create. 
- Nodes
    - Waveform generation
        - Sine
        - Triangle
        - Square
        - Wavetooth

        - All of these need the same parameters of amplitude, frequency, and total time (ignore phaseshift for now lol)
            - Under the hood, these can all be the same node that has amplitude, frequency, and type in its JSON data
            - Put under seperate nodes visually tho cause I think that is nice.
        - Not stressing about generating these nodes, should be simple math.
    - Operations
        - Add,Sub,Mul
            - These would be one node with like a dropdown, call it "Binary Op" (idea is we oculd have unary later down the line)
            - Given A (op) B, what do we do if A is shorter than B, or vice versa?
                - Have two options, one for if len(A) < len(B) and if len(B) < len(A)
                    - For now, can either just always use 0, or use the last sample in the buffer.

NEXT MILESTONE (POTENTIALLY): streaming model + seeking?
    - seeking is easy but idc really bout it right now